Add more info about command directory (#9)
ergoserv/handbook: guides/command_objects.md

## Conventions

> * Commands go under the `app/commands` directory if it doesn't related to any service. If it's a part of some service it can be under `app/services/some_service` directory (e.g. `GoogleService::RefreshUserDataCommand`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Commands go under the `app/commands` directory. In case when a command is a part of a module, consider placing it into the directory structure suggested by [Service Modules](guides/service_modules.md).
```
